>> Steve Kinney: So we've got this little
course website which is a repo that
we're going to go grab
called Tailwind Skatepark.
Too soon for some of us, we'll see.
As well as some other fun
little tools as well as.
When I say all of my notes,
I mean that on the most extreme level,
more than we will ever get to today.
But I wrote it, so
whatever, you can have it.
So all my notes.
So that means that if you see something,
you're like, what was that?
Or you wanna dig in a little more,
you can kinda go to a given area and
kinda see either the markup step by step
along the way with the given examples.
That's all there for you.
Some of it we'll go through, some of it
is bonus material for the DVD later or
the re release or something along
those lines, or the Deluxe Edition.
We'll have all that.
But the more important parts, if you don't
have repo clone, go ahead and clone it.
We'll take a tour of that in a moment.
I'm mostly saying that now so you can go
do that, but there's some other tooling.
Steve, to your question before,
there is this Tailwind CSS IntelliSense
plugin which will basically
do a few things for you,
as you can see from the photo and
as you will see in my editor all day,
will give you the ability
to autocomplete classes.
I think the plugin itself, I can't
remember if the plugin does this or
the prettier thing that we'll
take a look at in a moment,
will also do class name sorting so
that you do not have to fight
with your teammates about what
the correct order of classes is.
You can just outsource
that to somebody else.
So if you use VS code and you're
using Tailwind, which you are today,
you should install that
because life is good.
Towards the end of the day, we'll look
at some libraries that you might use
in a React or Svelte or a Ember or
a Angular application that are unique to
writing components and
stuff along those lines.
But generally speaking,
these two are probably the most helpful.
There are some other ones that I just
added which we'll get to later, but
I'll show you them now,
which is like one UI colorless.
For just creating Tailwind color palettes,
you can kinda pick a color,
add a color palette, hit Export,
get the CSS variables.
There's a Figma plugin too that we talk
about in the Figma course that also then
will you can theoretically
have the same CSS variable or
the same figma variables and
CSS variables, and everyone can be happy.
And this other site that somebody made,
which will kind of like help
you come up with a color
palette that is more semantic.
If you don't want to say blue or
red or stuff along those lines,
you want to say destructive error warning,
stuff along those lines.
This will create a color palette even
if you don't use either of these.
I think it's kinda nice to see
what the themes look like.
And we can kinda play around those
more when we talk about colors, but
point of those out as well.
And we'll also look at some JavaScript
libraries, because if the whole thing is
like, you're using this with components,
right, On a long enough timeline,
particularly if you're just using
Tailwind, you might not run into this.
But the moment you're
building a design system,
whether officially building a design
system or that unofficial, which is like,
you have a design system,
whether you use a design system or
not, you have that design system which
is just in your code base somewhere.
What happens if a button by
default has a blue background and
someone passes in a pink background?
There's like, utilities for,
like, diffing and merging and
stuff along those lines that we can
take a look at towards the end.
But with that, if you have the skatepark
installed, we'll take a tour of that and
we're going to start writing some
tailwind and we'll see it in action.
So here we've got a little skate park,
which is effectively just
a story about a storybook.
It is using Svelte, mostly because
I know some people use React,
some people use Angular.
I only chose Svelte because,
generally speaking,
it just like it was the one I
could get out of the way the most.
So that we didn't have to think
about this, but, like, also so
that I didn't have to, like,
write the same thing a million times.
So in some cases,
I'm trying to remember which one.
There are a few where it's like,
literally, as you can see,
this is technically a svelte file.
It just looks like mark up, right?
So do you need to know Svelte?
You do not, right?
You could probably squint at it and
apply everything you know about React or
Angular or whatever, it'll work.
We're not touching any of that.
We're only touching the CSS parts.
Do not get worried.
I tried in a few of them.
This felt like the least egregious.
Of the bunch in this case, right?
Cause react makes you put
class name everywhere.
I was gonna do it in preact.
Nobody's got time for that.
So, yeah, here we've got a button.
And we could.
Even if this stressed us out at all, for
our initial purposes,
if we wanted to do something
like this,
let's do it in the very beginning.
That is valid Svelte markup,
and it will do the thing.
Once we have everything downloaded,
you can treat yourself to an NPM install,
which I did before the show.
It's like pulling
the turkey out of the oven.
I have NPM installed.
I can do it again, but
I feel like that one's.
And then we do this npm start, yeah.
And then we can open up this on.
We are very zoomed in and
we can see our beautiful,
beautiful button.
Make sure I'm on the one that I
was just looking at in the code,
because right now they
all look kinda the same.
So this is a button after
you install Tailwind.
You're like, well, this is worse
than before I started, right?
That is technically true.
Tailwind has this thing called Preflight.
What Preflight does is it normalizes.
It's like stripping out all of the base
styles that the browser gives you across
the different browsers.
A tried and true technique before
the time when almost every
browser was just some Flash
flavor of Chrome or Safari.
If we're on iOS,
we can rant about that later.
But this is technically a button.
Does not look much like a button, but it
is a button, right, one way or the other.
And it is just dying for
some Tailwind CSS to
make it more button like, right?
And so here we'll get to
see some of this in action.